New codemod to help with redesign cleanup (#3038)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: packages/codemod/README.md

```
$ npx @commercetools-frontend/codemod@latest rename-mod-css-to-module-css 'src/**/*.{js,jsx,ts,tsx}'
```

### `redesign-cleanup`

> Remove React components temporary code used for migration to the new theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove code related to the old design when using the `useTheme` hook, for example the usage of `themedValue`.
```
